Fixing OIE Migrate style issues (#1795)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/migrate-to-oie/index.md

To enable Okta Identity Engine, please reach out to your account manager. If you do not have an account manager, please reach out to <oie@okta.com> for more information.

## Enable interaction code grant

> Once the Okta Identity Engine feature is enabled for your org, it should become active for Okta-hosted sign-in flows that do not involve an OAuth application. Enabling the `interaction_code` grant type will allow OAuth applications to use the Okta Identity Engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the Okta Identity Engine feature is enabled for your org, it should become active for Okta-hosted sign-in flows that don't involve an OAuth application. Enabling the `interaction_code` grant type allows OAuth applications to use the Okta Identity Engine.
```

### Enable interaction code grant on an authorization server

> 1. Navigate to `Security > API > Authorization Servers` in the Admin UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Security > API > Authorization Servers** in the Admin Console.
```

2. Select an authorization server and click the edit icon.

> 3. Click on `Access Policies` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the **Access Policies** tab.
```

> 4. Edit `Default Policy Rule`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Edit the **Default Policy Rule**.
```

> 5. In the section `IF Grant type is`, click the `Interaction Code` checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the **IF Grant type is** section, click the **Interaction Code** check box.
```

### Enable interaction code grant on an application

> 1. Navigate to `Applications > Applications` in the Admin UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Applications > Applications** in the Admin Console.
```

> 2. Click an application in the list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click an application in the list.
```

To enable Okta Identity Engine, please reach out to your account manager. If you do not have an account manager, please reach out to <oie@okta.com> for more information.

## Enable interaction code grant

After the Okta Identity Engine feature is enabled for your org, it should become active for Okta-hosted sign-in flows that don't involve an OAuth application. Enabling the `interaction_code` grant type allows OAuth applications to use the Okta Identity Engine.

### Enable interaction code grant on an authorization server

1. Navigate to **Security > API > Authorization Servers** in the Admin Console.
2. Select an authorization server and click the edit icon.
3. Click the **Access Policies** tab.
4. Edit the **Default Policy Rule**.
5. In the **IF Grant type is** section, click the **Interaction Code** check box.

### Enable interaction code grant on an application

1. Navigate to **Applications > Applications** in the Admin Console.
2. Click an application in the list.

> 3. Click the `General` tab on the application detail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the **General**` tab on the application detail.
```

> 4. Click edit on the `General Settings` panel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click edit on the **General Settings** panel.
```

> 5. In the section `Allowed grant types`, click the `Interaction Code` checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the **Allowed grant types** section, click the **Interaction Code** check box.
```

To enable Okta Identity Engine, please reach out to your account manager. If you do not have an account manager, please reach out to <oie@okta.com> for more information.

## Enable interaction code grant

After the Okta Identity Engine feature is enabled for your org, it should become active for Okta-hosted sign-in flows that don't involve an OAuth application. Enabling the `interaction_code` grant type allows OAuth applications to use the Okta Identity Engine.

### Enable interaction code grant on an authorization server

1. Navigate to **Security > API > Authorization Servers** in the Admin Console.
2. Select an authorization server and click the edit icon.
3. Click the **Access Policies** tab.
4. Edit the **Default Policy Rule**.
5. In the **IF Grant type is** section, click the **Interaction Code** check box.

### Enable interaction code grant on an application

1. Navigate to **Applications > Applications** in the Admin Console.
2. Click an application in the list.

> 3. Click the **General**` tab on the application detail.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Click the **General** tab on the application detail.
```

> For most users of the [custom domain](/docs/guides/custom-url-domain/overview/) feature, there are no other changes needed. The default template will detect and use the Okta Identity Engine automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most users of the [custom domain](/docs/guides/custom-url-domain/overview/) feature, there are no other changes needed. The default template detects and uses the Okta Identity Engine automatically.
```

> However if you have [modified the template](/docs/guides/style-the-widget/style-okta-hosted/) in certain ways, such as to perform redirects or set cookies, these modificiations may not be compatible with the Okta Identity Engine. In particular, these methods and objects will not work with OIE:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you have [modified the template](/docs/guides/style-the-widget/style-okta-hosted/) in certain ways (such as to perform redirects or set cookies), these modifications may not be compatible with the Okta Identity Engine. In particular, these methods and objects won't work with OIE:
```

- `setCookieAndRedirect`
- `sessionToken`

> In the default template, the `success` callback from `renderEl` is being handled by `OktaUtil.completeLogin`. This method correctly handles the authentication flow and we recommend using it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the default template, the `success` callback from `renderEl` is being handled by `OktaUtil.completeLogin`. This method correctly handles the authentication flow, and we recommend using it.
```

</html>
```

### Embedded Sign-In Widget

> > **Note:** "Embedded" means the Sign-In Widget is included directly in your application via npm module or script tag. `@okta/okta-signin-widget` version 5.2.0 or above is needed to enable the interaction code flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** "Embedded" means the Sign-In Widget is included directly in your application through npm module or script tag. The`@okta/okta-signin-widget` version 5.2.0 or above is needed to enable the interaction code flow.
```

> Set the option `useInteractionCodeFlow` to `true` on the object passed to the Sign-In Widget constructor. This will enable Okta Identity Engine for the Widget. Both the authorization server and the application must have the [interaction code](#enable-interaction-code-grant) grant type enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the option `useInteractionCodeFlow` to `true` on the object passed to the Sign-In Widget constructor. This enables Okta Identity Engine for the Widget. Both the authorization server and the application must have the [interaction code](#enable-interaction-code-grant) grant type enabled.
```
